good morning everyone and today mattress
Oregon today I'm gonna teach you how to
make us move man this movement is easy
to make and suitable for all ages and
when the first time and it is a plane
with four hours but the first underneath
didn't competition TT neatness with
accounts on this world so no wonder how
terrible a pimple boom red side here i
will show how an extra day and how does
it compare
so now we will get started to make one
woman movie compose the paper to have
make sure you make really good quizzes
and then just open it and cut this space
up but I'm just gonna if you do not see
there that this part of this part that
I'm gonna copy and then about 90 seconds
and then just throw it off and then fold
this into half and make a nice squeeze
and then as you can see then one line
over here to just walk over here
deadline that need a line plus I'm on
the other side get this corner make it
up to the other one and then I'm gonna
make this pretty fast so just yes and if
you see this knock on come so just put
your finger me round it off and just
press one now you'll wait to make
something like a rocker and to make that
this part is a little bit hard so just
wanna do this oil put this over here and
you just try to hold this like if not
only get that these and you're holding
you just getting this hold it down the
other side make really good Krista
standard understand and we get mad if
then he is open at least and again need
for that unit and push it in for this
the same on the other side push it
pull it and when you're finished with
that you can open it up make good
Christmas and open it up and open this
part up as consider the diamond so just
going to fold it over here like this and
then turn it around let us consider down
inside you just fold it like this on the
burial site to make the fault that now
we will make in here and then we'll just
take this part and wind it down here so
what you're going to do is that you are
going to push this over here until this
one comes up we'll put it over here and
this is how it look like and then as you
can see there's one pocket okay over
here till you just take this and put it
in the pocket is like this and just put
it in the pocket and just make really
good quiz that will bring this part down
and also depart and try to make
something like this or here like a
diamond shape and put it down low here
got me really good quizzes open it up
that is take this side for this end and
fold it but a second you can oppose you
this part put it in close it now you're
almost finished with your movement what
you need to do is that you need to fold
this to pass like this make me liquid
quizzes open this up and bring this
corner down to this corner and this
corner up to this corner right yes and
then when you like this and then you see
that something's are over here and a
pallet system on this side but as you
can see there's only one over here and a
tour here like this what's the works the
Sun is this open it up bring this right
over here the other one over here close
it Brown this off and put it inside the
pocket as you're finished with your and
now I'm just going to give a quick tips
on how to Troy to Troy we put off the
mall here and always know that this part
is over sitting down just put your
finger over here so that this is
facing downwards and you come over here
and there and then just roll it this
excuse me and try to angle a little bit
up and it's our low silly just squat out
and throw it back
please comment as I'm sorry oh thank you
and bye